Add Support for Lilly58 r2g (#19862)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/lily58/r2g/readme.md

# Lily58 R2G

Lily58 R2G is factory assembled version of the lilly 58 featuring hotswap and perkey rgb

![Lily58_R2G](https://i.imgur.com/4vPkIQ5.png)
Keyboard Maintainer: [Elliot Powell](https://github.com/e11i0t23)
Hardware Supported: Lily58 R2G PCB
Hardware Availability: [Mechboards UK](https://mechboards.co.uk/products/lily58-r2g-ready2go-kit)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

> ```sh
> make crkbd/r2g:mb_via
> ```
> 
> Flash example for this keyboard:  
> ```sh
> qmk flash -kb crkbd/r2g -km mb_via
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    make crkbd/r2g:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make crkbd/r2g:default:flash
```
